Gomez from all you soldiers here it is possible and
for a shovel and 3 for 3 km and guests on
butt janitor grandfather Vova already shovels
collects and this despite the fact that
the wall of the educational institution hangs
ad smoking is strictly prohibited this
a reminder for those who have not heard of so
called anti - smoking law document
entered into force in the summer but the possibility
hold violators accountable
the police appeared literally 5 days
back so on citizens which
will violate the requirements of the federal
law and consume tobacco products in
educational institutions or
medical facilities will be imposed
fine of five hundred to one
thousand rubles in case of use
tobacco at playgrounds
the penalty will be from two to three
thousand rubles to pay a large fine
there may be those who smoke on
gas station or workplace
Of course, if we are not talking about
organized place for lovers
tobacco so smoke at the train station on
distance less than 15 meters from the entrance
forbidden you heard about smoking ban
which means that the ancient may have smoked everywhere
before the club
found a basic asset at home about the law
heard nothing apologize for
deed in one voice men say and
all together are surprised by the amounts of the possible
fine get caught 2 times change and
fine from 500 to one and a half for the first time
you can forgive if the offender is aware
say their guilt district but if
the smoker will resist and
continue to violate the law police
can write a fine on the spot
demolition of very early childhood remind
that you can not smoke
that it is very bad something is very harmful
health
Well
should so affect the extreme hope
this is not for China for those who involve
children in the smoking process also
provides for administrative
a responsibility
good uncle who bought cigarettes
schoolboy or father fuming his son
can also be punished by law in
In this case, the penalty varies from two to
three thousand rubles amount for violation
all points of the law are enough
impressive scores smokers and
thinking about abandoning
addiction at all I have long been about
I think this course I want to throw well, but
not very much lyudmila alexeyeva
Alexey Romanov Vologda news